Revamp testing for translations (#144)
codeigniter4/translations: tests/README.md

# Running System Tests

This is the quick-start to CodeIgniter testing. Its intent is to describe what
it takes to get your system setup and ready to run the system tests.
It is not intended to be a full description of the test features that you can
use to test your application, since that can be found in the documentation.

## Requirements

It is recommended to use the latest version of PHPUnit. At the time of this

> writing we are running version 8.5.9. Support for this has been built into the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
writing we are running version `9.x`. Support for this has been built into the
```
